A good way to get this all set up correctly is to download the AWS
command‑line interface. If we head along to docs.aws.amazon.com
website and we search for Install the AWS Command Line Interface on
Microsoft Windows, select the first option, this page gives us
multiple options to select to download the CLI. We can download the
64 or 32‑bit installer.
If you are unsure what version to download,
you can also download the generic one that will select the correct
version for you during installation. Once you have installed the AWS CLI,
open up command prompt and type aws ‑‑version. You should be returned a
version number back for the AWS CLI.
This ensures that your install was successful. Once we have confirmed
that our AWS CLI has been successfully installed, we can add our AWS
credentials to our credentials file. Remember,
these will be used by our DynamoDB client inside our application to gain
access to our AWS account and allow us to interact with DynamoDB. If we
type aws configure in command prompt, we're asked for our access ID, so
we'll grab our access ID that we got from our IAM role, and we'll also
enter our secret key.
The secret key that I'm typing in here is a fake secret key.
We're also asked for a default region name and the region
that we're using is us‑west‑2 Oregon, and we'll select none
for the default output format.
Let's now have a look at where our credentials file was created.
If we open up Windows Explorer and we head along to
C:\Users your username, in my case,
it's daniel.donbavand, our folder would have been created .aws. Inside
this folder, we can see that a credentials file exists. If we
right‑click on this and select Edit, you can see our AWS access and
secret key that we set in our command prompt.
We also want to set a region here so we're going to say
region = us‑west‑2, and we'll save that file.
Now that we have our credentials setup,
our DynamoDB client will be able to access this to gain access to our AWS account and our movie ranked DynamoDB table.